hater honor today's of you is going to
be a video about Phyllis Cosmetics which
is one of my favorite brush companies
ever I often get asked about what
brushes do I use what do I recommend
what's affordable what's affordable
quality all that kind of stuff one brush
company that comes to mind when it comes
to affordable quality is Phyllis
cosmetics a couple weeks ago they sent
me a care package that contained four of
their new brushes which are part of the
Couture contour body line which is a
pretty good idea because it's for
different type of contour and highlight
kind of brushes multi-use you can put
these to so many different uses I'll go
through these soon they also send me
this which is their purple power travel
brush set and it's not just for travel
it's for home use they're all full-sized
brushes and it contains eight brushes as
well as this handy case so I'm going to
talk about this a little bit first but
this is mainly going to be about the
contour brushes as I said before this
set contains eight brushes and there's
one particular brush that is really
really cool it's this one on the end it
doesn't look like a brush but it is
actually a lip brush you have to pull it
off and turn it round so it becomes a
full-sized handle but your tip is
protected so if you're on the go
retouching your lipstick and all that
kind of stuff
it won't go all over the bag and kind of
destroy at the end so that is pretty
neat also this contains some makeup
brushes that I recommend everyone have
at least one off so that is the angled
liner brush the concealer brush the
angled blending brush and also the flat
shader brush it has a powder brush as
well or you can use these for any kind
of use but these are generally what
they're for powder brush angled blending
brush and also a foundation brush I
don't like these foundation brushes for
foundation I didn't really use beauty
blenders but these brushes are really
good one for special effects and also
for a nice highlight up on the top see a
cheaper I don't highlight for myself
but heaps of other people do and also I
do all my clients quickly moving on to
the brushes that this video is actually
about is the for cutter your contour
body brushes it's a bit of a mouthful so
they list of different kinds of uses of
these but generally people won't use all
of these on their selves for makeup
artists this is great I'm definitely
going to put use to this on clients for
personal use I'm going to go through
things that I would personally use these
for so this first brush which is a very
small kind of brush but it's a little
bit too big for an eye brush for the
most part this brush is great for
precise contouring in your eyes around
your nose
jawline if you really wanted to just the
areas that you really want a sharp
contour so yeah as I said the eyes the
nose the cheeks the collarbones and also
it's good for highlighting in small
patches especially down the Britton your
nose I know that some people use larger
brushes as their bridge highlight which
kind of undoes a bit of their contouring
work on their nose second brush is the
Couture body contour brush this is great
for cheekbones the jaw or general face
kind of contouring so things that I
personally use is one this is my
favorite brush of a lot this is great
for a nice cheek contour it's not too
small it's not too big and if you really
wanted to sharp a line like I do
occasionally you just crush the bristles
in a little bit like that and just draw
your line and then blend out beautiful
bristles well this is great for having
really really soft bristles they're one
of the softest brushes that I haven't
ever used honestly and these are even
softer than their normal line which is
pretty crazy this one is great for the
cheeks framing the face the jaw line and
also
blending around your face third brush is
the Couture body buffer this is really
good for blush it's a very soft very
soft brushes all of these are soft
brushes but this one particularly has a
knack for blending it's just the
absolute perfect size for applying blush
and actually bronzer to people who do
wear bronzer and finally the fourth one
this is the Couture body blender this is
the largest of the lot it is a very
large brush it also very soft as you can
see I use this one and I use this one
for translucent setting powder it's
absolutely gorgeous
and especially with some of my really
finely milled ones like a sheik oh and
all of that it picks it up and it
doesn't pick up too much I've had a
problem with a couple different brush
brands like Dell iam and love deleon
brushes but that it tends to pick up a
little bit too much of the finer melt
things so it picks up the perfect amount
and applies it very evenly with the dome
so you're not applying like a whole flat
surface to one particular spot you're
slowly spreading it around which is
absolutely great so this one is great
for application of powder foundations
and also setting powders I really highly
recommend this one price-wise furless is
really good for its quality you can get
cheaper but you're going to lose a bit
of quality these are very high quality
and very affordable for that quality I
own quite a few different brush brands
iron remoras crown brush gallium Sigma
Mac Inglot all kinds of different brands
and I would probably say these are the
softest that I own at the moment so I
hope you enjoyed this review of these
brushes I have loved this brand for over
two years now yes I did get sent these
ones but I have loved this brand for
over two years so I hope you enjoyed
this brush review I will try and do more
brush reviews because they're very
helpful in helping people invest in
different brushes because you know they
are an investment you don't want to buy
cheap and have it break on you but you
still want to get the
bang for your buck I guess so I hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe to my channel if you have an
Ernie because I'd love to be here every
single video like this video if you
liked the review comment down below if
there's something that you would like to
seal this channel also if you have any
brand recommendations for me pop them
down below and I hope you all have a
fantabulous day